seems held serve and they'll face off in
the 2014 page elite men's basketball
championship game at seven thirty p.m.
on CBS Sports Network top-seeded Boston
you took care of Army and the
semi-finals on Saturday and
second-seeded American rally from ten
down to meet Holy Cross and earning bid
to the championship game hey everyone
I'm Billy plows key in the Patriot
League men's basketball season will come
to a close wednesday night but not
before we hand out the championship
trophy first let's take a quick look at
how both teams advance to the
championship game Boston you ran out to
a ten-point lead late in the first half
and after a brief tie the Terriers
pushed it back out to double digits
back-to-back fast breaks made it 68-55
and maurice watson jr. dished out his
school-record 17th assist on John Pope
alleys three that made it 89 67 Boston
you went on to win 9170 on Saturday in
Washington DC Holy Cross jumped out
early and extended its lead to 3929 with
1601 left in the second half that's when
freshman Charlie Jones spark a 22 run
with the three pointer and a fast-break
layup we got that apart from Charlie and
it just ignited us all to start just to
pick it up a little more I mean we knew
we weren't out we're still a lot of time
but least needed we need something just
to get us going whether it was a big
play or something Charlie came in he had
a he had a big three and then he got a
layup on a fast break and I think that
just kind of got us all done and some of
us started knocking down some shots Reed
hit back-to-back threes to give American
the lead including a long bomb following
a missed free throw the free-throw look
good I'll sudden it bounced off Tiger I
walk step up in see if we can make a
play and then p we've swung its means
nose around this other guy so fly see
what happened fortunately win it John
Shope added another
Tony Reb lucky cap to run with a lab to
make it 49-41 the Eagles held on from
there and one 5746 Saturday for American
this will be the school sixth appearance
in the Patriot League championship game
and first since 2009 when the Eagles won
their second straight title leading
scorer jesse reed hopes to add to the
two championship banners that hang in
bender arena I've been thinking about
since we want tart hard to think about
anything else we want to be able to add
to history here not another championship
Boston you will be looking to make
history as well winning the championship
in his first season in this age really
well you know this this championship is
for the whole team knows as far as
seniors no heed the message that we came
in with was they came in that champions
and they're going on his chickens and
for us to be able to win the
championship on Wednesday it just shows
how dedicated we are to our seniors and
how how close we are the team that you
know we want to get this done for them
Watson has been the key to the Terriers
offense dishing out a league-best 231
assists to go with his team-best 13.5
points per game any milk in school but
long it takes more you can run the team
get the teammates involved and make sure
that what else around you is happy it's
hard to live in a guy like that he I
mean so skillful you can you basically
do it also I mean it's just gonna be a
collective defensive effort to help out
whoever's guarding him how about any way
we can and if he dishes off get back to
our guys and it's gonna be it's gonna be
a collective group effort to be able to
shut down pain from the rest of the team
American did shut Boston you down in
their first meeting winning 80 656 what
the Terriers return the favor with a 71
60 to win on februari 19th when the
outrebounded the Eagles 4224 rebounding
is probably one of our biggest keys to
to winning games I know up there then we
gave up like 15 or 16 offensive rebounds
and I lied to a lot of second chance
points to really hurt us so we can cut
down their offensive rebounds and kind
of lock them up a little bit better
think we have a pretty good shot to win
we know we detect the kumon continue to
follow us all on the defensive end as
we've been playing you know that's
that's what sets the tone or maybe
really get stops and get out in
transition it should just be able to
focus on rebuilding you know I often
take care of itself but the longer they
come with energy on defense and the
focus to be there and we're going to be
good
wednesday's game tips off at seven
thirty p.m. on CBS Sports Network for
full highlights and postgame interviews
log on to Patriot League TV on thursday
for the page leak network I'm Melanie
Pawlowski